---
title: "I am 40"
categories:
  - timeline
tags: 
  - laima
  - email
  - age 
last_modified_at: 08-05-2018 09:01
visible: 0
---


Today I became 40 and I recived this wonderful email from my wife, which summarised beautifully what is to grow older and wiser. 

> My dear little Jordi,
> 
> Happy, happy birthday! :) Because I will not see you today, I wanted to write you something.
> 
> People say that your age is just a number, because they don’t want to feel bad about ageing. But we shouldn’t think of age as a negative thing. After all, time is relative, and who can tell us that being 20 is better than being 40. Each year and each time has it’s own challenges and sufferings, discoveries and happy moments. 
> 
> But most importantly, you are who you are now because of the years you have experienced. And the more years we experience, the better, wiser people we become. And we all know that Jordi is very wise. :)
> 
> So here is my theory of why becoming older is a very good thing.
> 
> The more time you have experienced, the more you learn about us humans, about the environment around us, and our very complex minds
> 
> The more time you experience, the less you care about what other people think and you are free from constantly trying to prove something to others.
> 
> The more time you experience, the more you learn about other cultures and wisdom from all around the world. This wisdom teaches you how to find yourself, and your inner peace.
> 
> The more time you experience, the more you learn about love. And the more you learn about love, the more you are able to love, and be loved by others. :)
> 
> The more time you have experienced, the more you appreciate every moment. By appreciating the present moment you discover what it means to be truly free from the worrying and you stop the constant battle with time. 
> 
> And finally, the more time we experienced together, the stronger family we are. 
> 
> The more time I am with you Jordi, the more I realise how very lucky I am, and how incredibly loving, kind and honest person you are. And I am so lucky to learn more about you every single day. :)
> 
> Muchas felicidades little husband! :)
> 
> P.S. Don’t get too drunk today, save yourself for Saturday! 